Added Troubleshooting (#11)
wpengine/headless-docs: guides/troubleshooting/README.md

# Troubleshooting

While deploying your app or making changes, you may run into a situation where your app will not deploy. This can happen for a number of reasons, and in this guide, you'll learn a few things that may help you get moving again.

## Check the build logs

> The platform will pull your app from GitHub and build it when you first create it and anytime you make changes and push them to GitHub. During the build, the platform will run `npm i` and `npm run wpe-build`. It's possible that either for these could fail, and your build logs will tell you what happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform will build linked branches in GitHub when apps (or environments) are created and any time a linked branch changes. Pushing directly into a branch and merging a PR both trigger a build. During the build, the platform will run `npm i` and `npm run wpe-build`. It's possible that either of these could fail and your build logs will tell you what happened.
```

Reviewer: Maybe "Pull Request" instead of PR.

> First, list the builds for an Environment of an App:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the build log for a failed build, you'll first need the Environment ID: 
```

I would suggest starting with `apps get` and follow up with, "If you don't recall the name of your App, you can see all of your Apps by `wpe alpha apps list`.

Author: Update

> First, find your app name by running:

Reviewer: This feels awkward nesting "First"s.

Author: Fixed

```
$ wpe alpha apps list
```

Next, find your Environment ID by running:

```
$ wpe alpha apps get APP_NAME
```

Once you have your APP_NAME and ENVIRONMENT_ID, use them in the following command to view your builds:

```
$ wpe alpha builds list -a APP_NAME -e ENVIRONMENT_ID
```

This command will show you a list of builds. Now, you can find the build logs for a specific build with the ID of the build using the `get` command:

```
$ wpe alpha builds get -a APP_NAME -e ENVIRONMENT_ID -b BUILD_ID
```

Look through the Error Output and Build Output for any issues that may be preventing the build from completing.

> ## Check `package.json`

Reviewer: Even though these are about the `package.json` file, I would separate:

## Ensure `package.json` has a `wpe-build` target (or however you want to say that).
and
## Ensure `package.json` lists your dependencies.

Why? Because many people will stop reading this section when they see the bit about dependencies. Making the build target a separate top-level entry is free and calls attention to it.

Author: Updated

Your `package.json` tells the platform how to build your app.

First, it installs the dependencies for your app using `npm i`. In order to do this, all of your dependencies need to be listed under the `dependencies` section of the `package.json`. Here's an example:

```
"dependencies": {
  "@apollo/react-hooks": "^3.1.5",
  "@apollo/react-ssr": "^3.1.5",
  "@fortawesome/fontawesome-free": "^5.15.0",
  "@zeit/next-css": "^1.0.1",
  "@zeit/next-sass": "^1.0.1",
  "apollo-boost": "^0.4.9",
  "bootstrap": "^4.5.2",
  "bootstrap-extensions": "^1.2.2",
  "graphql": "^14.7.0",
  "next": "^9.5.3",
  "node-sass": "^4.14.1",
  "react": "^16.13.1",
  "react-dom": "^16.13.1"
},
```

Newer versions of `npm` will automatically add dependencies to your `package.json`, but make sure there aren't any missing. This is a common cause of an app working on your machine but not on the platform.

## Ensure `package.json` contains a `wpe-build` script

After the platform pulls your code and runs `npm i`, it will execute the `wpe-build` script by running `npm run wpe-build`. Here is an example `scripts` section:

```
"scripts": {
  "dev": "next",
  "build": "next build",

>   "wpe-build": "",

Reviewer: Does this need a non-empty value?
